1. +/- SYmbol in header $props
2 . Remove Modal BLur
3. Portfloio --> Right block space add blocks
4. Table responsive scrollbar color
5. Mob Nav color to black
6. White mode in side Nav
7. Dark mode toggle btn in nav toggle
8. Nav toggle change position to below the logo
9. Below header staking app testnet link
10. Pagination in staking page
11. Alligment issue in staking card
12. Change header btn color connect wallt to black and Buy pros blue
13. Header Btn size sam as aptos net 
14. padding issue in stakin btn block same padding in 4 side / Make shorter / Btns spacing should be same
15. No date found change text to No upcoming staking
16. Porfolio graph number - color to red and + color to green --> Logo to dark
17. Welcome txt background
18. Tab view active btn txt color to blue
19. Liquid swap in Buy props select
20. Change staking card certic logo
21. Ad certic to home section
22. Portfolio White mode darken the text below graph
23. Portfolio Right block label text to darken
24. Add terms and conditions in nav below support
25. Home welcome page to excitement

 
Client
15. Horizontal Nav Bar is Grey but should be black  --> Fixed
27. Check out the card alignment for the next row, its slightly larger than the top row  --> Fixed
28. Buy PROPS should be in Blue and Connect wallet should be black with grey outline.   --> Fixed
29 Also, These button height should be a bit taller, the exact same height as the ‘Live on Aptos Testnet’  --> Fixed
31. Buttons should be centered vertically, meaning the distanced from the top of the button to grey line, should be   the same as on the bottom  --> Fixed
37. I see that its positive but in blue, we would want to add a + and change to green and likewise a  - for red --> Fixed
38. Also our logo should be white on black background and black on white background --> Fixed
39. The Staking writing should be in blue if highlighted, this can be across all similar fields and other places in the dapp where the same thing occurs --> Fixed
40. When underlined in blue the text should also be blue --> Fixed
